Docs - Add feature flag called argument to docs (#7991)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/feature-flags-code/_snippets/feature-flags-code-go.mdx

})
```

### Sending `$feature_flag_called` events

Capturing `$feature_flag_called` events enable PostHog to know when a flag was accessed by a user and thus provide [analytics and insights](/docs/product-analytics/insights) on the flag. By default, we send a these event when:

1. You call `GetFeatureFlag()` or `IsFeatureEnabled()`, AND 
2. It's a new user, or the value of the flag has changed. 

> *Note:* Tracking whether it's a new user or if a flag value has changed happens in a local cache. This means that if you reinitialize the PostHog client, the cache resets as well – causing `$feature_flag_called` events to be sent again when calling `GetFeatureFlag` or `IsFeatureEnabled`. PostHog is built to handle this, and so duplicate `$feature_flag_called` events won't affect your analytics.

You can disable automatically capturing `$feature_flag_called` events. For example, when you don't need the analytics, or it's being called at such a high volume that sending events slows things down.

> To disable it, set the `send_feature_flag_events` argument in your function call, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable it, set the `SendFeatureFlagEvents` argument in your function call, like so:
```
